Avoid generating decidim_initializer.rb (#14832)
decidim/decidim: decidim-initiatives/README.md

## Deactivating authorization requirement and other module settings

> Some of the settings of the module need to be set in the code of your app using the [environment variables](https://docs.decidim.org/en/develop/configure/environment_variables)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, configure your application using the environment variables as presented in the [documentation](https://docs.decidim.org/en/develop/configure/environment_variables.html).
```

Reviewer: Can you fix the instructions after this line? Until line 71 (`### Initiatives signatures`) we should only refer to the env vars (and then we should present the initializer)

Author: done in 68f3d10ba1c541967fed066e1839ce49b64de25c
